so you know how Marvel has like 616
characters and they plan on making a
movie for each one of them well I think
that Black Panther may just be the
coolest one of them all I'm gonna break
down the movie especially since you know
years from now we're gonna need like a
backlog of all of these things but I
highly recommend for you to go watch it
because this is one that I give a high
combo price just for having one of the
best villains alone let me explain
so the story of Black Panthers starts
years ago when an asteroid made of
vibranium which is that metal stuff kept
shield has smashes into Africa and
there's five tribes that just go to war
over it
one dude decides to eat an herb that's
actually mutated with the alien metal
and gain superpowers after eating it and
becomes in tune with his ancestors in
order to become the first Black Panther
see the thing with like Panther unlike a
lot of other superheroes who get bit
then get responsibilities or get tested
then get powers or are just rich so they
have power being a black panther is a
part of a lineage it's earned it's kind
of like royalty
so the first Black Panther unites the
tribes except the one who does want to
be a part of them and builds a thriving
city known as Wakanda hidden away from
the rest of the world because you know
the best way to not deal with those
problems is to not be a part of it so
while their hidden city is thriving
because of this new element that's like
every essential oil plus we take a look
at Oakland in the 90s which is a it's a
little bit different and they still have
the Raiders at this point you may be
wondering why they're speaking English
in Wakanda considering that they do have
their own language and you know even
their own writing it was something that
I was thinking about and I'm just
assuming it's movie magic translating
you know it's based off of a comic and
in comics they do that as well so I mean
that's my answer to that anyways in the
90s we see two challahs pops King takaka
had sent his brother to be a spy over in
the States in fact they have spies all
over the world but his brother while
spying in California fell in love with
somebody and had a kid who dun dun dun
yep ends up being the antagonist later
on in this movie the child's uncle also
realized that Wakanda being so stingy
and not helping anyone else out only
made things worse for other Africans all
around the world who weren't getting any
help when in Africa there was this place
that had every
thing that they could ever need that's
why he partners up with golem in order
to steal vibranium so he can
redistribute it to those who need it
however forest whitaker jr. who's
actually playing forest whitaker younger
snitches on the uncle and king takaka
kills his own brother in order to
protect Azuri Whitaker he not only
literally has blood on his hands but as
we've learned with a bunch of the other
superheroes their dads actually have a
lot of secrets because this guy ends up
dipping back home and leaving little
Erik his own nephew to witness his
murdered father at such a young age and
become enraged he joins the army racks
of so many kills that they give him the
name kill monger and he sets out to get
revenge
y'all just creating your own problems
homie if you saw Civil War you know that
T'Challa becomes king after his dad dies
they then hold a ceremony where they do
that thing that they do in weddings
where you can object a guy objects from
that fifth tribe who doesn't like him he
challenges to Chawla losses and then his
sister bodyguard and acts become the
guardians of of Conda and set out to
find Smeagol in order to bring him in
little do they know that vic mensa over
here is using caesar in order to get to
Wakanda so he can take over and become
king which he does I'm and Sparta kicks
a child over a cliff and takes over with
this pimp cold version of the black
panther suits the child's family seeks
refuge with that one tribe who
challenged him at the beginning and you
know what I'll give it to this tribe who
clearly doesn't like the whole rain that
they have going on over there in Wakanda
but yet they found the child on the
river and rescued him instead of you
know open housing him T'Challa regains
his strength and comes back to fight his
buddy who's joined the sunken place the
doora milosh who straight up tell you
right now is the one group who I won't
mess with I run by Michonne and turn on
kill mongers since he's not officially
King there's these Megazord rhinos that
are released the Javari come in like the
Dothraki and continue the battle of the
five armies and T'Challa kills his own
cousin see the main battle that's going
on in the movie or at least the
ideologies that are clashing is akin to
that of Martin Luther King and Malcolm
but obviously a bit different since this
is a fictional superhero movie one side
wants to handle things peacefully but
not even get involved so they can keep
that peace while the other one wants to
make a change but violently they both
believe in theirs
I'd so strongly that when T'Challa
offers to revive his cousin Eric he goes
nah pass
I'd rather die like my ancestors and
become your slave and straight-up checks
out of the movie damn
T'Challa then learns from his ancestors
mistakes he fixes things with that fifth
tribe to avoid future problems
he buys out an entire block in Auckland
to help rebuild that city he pulls an
Iron Man in the after credits scenes and
confesses to the world that what kind of
not only exists but he answers that
snarky guy about what they have to offer
with a smirk as he knows you know they
got the biggest element in the world
Oracle sure he keeps healing Bucky Black
Panther gets his girl back and Marvel
reveals that they're going to release
the first ever Mexican superhero or I
mean one day they will thank you guys
for checking out this video as always
I'm curious to know your thoughts on
this movie like I said I think this is
one of the best Marvel movies that's out
there the first half was good but it's
that second half that's great
they finally have a villain you know
there's like a handful probably Loki and
whatever Thor - villain was because they
don't have the best villains out there
but this movie was a was a pleasant
surprise I thought it was done very well
some of the jokes were a little bit
cringy but on that I'm curious to know
your thoughts let me know down below in
the comment section let me know what
other videos what other movies whether
the TV shows you I'm going to cover and
until next time don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and you too can win a
pair of sneakers